(Wes claps)
Hey folks!
Wes Bos here, thanks so much
for checking out my latest course: Master Gatsby!
Gatsby is a framework for building websites with React JS
that makes all the tough parts
of modern websites really easy,
so things like preloading and routing,
compression, critical CSS, what else?
Caching, scaling, bundlers,
all of these things are tough,
which means they don't necessarily always get added
to our websites,
but with Gatsby they happen automatically,
so we can stick to building awesome websites.
So in this course we're building Slick's Slices,
it's a pizza website
that includes all of the parts and pieces,
so you're gonna learn about all of the different pieces
of building a modern website,
including, what do we got here,
GraphQL, React JS, hooks, custom hooks using a headless CMS,
progressive images, scoped CSS, serverless functions,
sending email, all kinds of really good stuff,
so hopefully you're gonna enjoy this one,
and I will catch you in the course.